backport43 - Update clients-rh-cdn.adoc (#2226)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/clients-rh-cdn.adoc

For more information about GPG keys, see xref:client-configuration:gpg-keys.adoc[].

[NOTE]
====

> For the Red Hat Custom Channels, if you want to check the [guimenu]``Enable GPG Check`` field, you need to populate the [guimenu]``GPG Key URL`` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the {redhat} custom channels, if you want to check the [guimenu]``Enable GPG Check`` field, you need to populate the [guimenu]``GPG Key URL`` field.
```

> You can use the file URL of the GPG key stored in the directory [systemitem]``/etc/pki/rpm-gpg`` of the Red Hat minion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the file URL of the GPG key stored in the directory [systemitem]``/etc/pki/rpm-gpg`` of the {redhat} minion.
```

Example:
[systemitem]``file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-redhat-release``

> For the complete list of the Red Hat Product Signing keys, see https://access.redhat.com/security/team/key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the complete list of the {redhat} product signing keys, see https://access.redhat.com/security/team/key.
```
